adding deprecation notices to SimplePager::getResults (#5138)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

If you need to style headers prefer to use CSS classes and not in the html DOM.
In this case please use `header_class` option.

## Deprecated return type of SimplePager::getResults
When calling `SimplePager::getResults()` on non-empty result which extends `$maxPerPage` value, `ArrayCollection` would be returned instead of `array`

> as it is declared in `PagerInterface`. Update usage of `SimplePager::getResults()`, ensure you are transform `Collection` to an `array` and you do not work with `Collection` methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deprecated returning other type than `ArrayCollection` from `SimplePager::getResults()`

When calling `SimplePager::getResults()` on non-empty result which has set `$maxPerPage`, `ArrayCollection` would be returned instead of `array` as it is declared in `PagerInterface`. Update usage of `SimplePager::getResults()`, ensure you are transforming `Collection` to `array` and you aren't dealing with any of its methods.
```

```

> // will return ArrayCollection on non-empty result and array on empty result

Reviewer 2: Why an `ArrayCollection` and not just `Collection` or `iterable`?

Author: because only ArrayCollection will be returned

see
https://github.com/sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle/commit/1a40728ba8b7524ad34410ce217f236eb90af932#diff-7b1b93d6330bfae84c4609b520fc1a6aL80-L84

Reviewer 3: This is better to work with interface. Maybe the code has to be updated in SimplePager

Author: Okay. This PR took here for 2y, what to close this gestalt :)

If you need to style headers prefer to use CSS classes and not in the html DOM.
In this case please use `header_class` option.

## Deprecated return type of SimplePager::getResults

> When calling `SimplePager::getResults()` on non-empty result which extends `$maxPerPage` value, you will get `ArrayCollection` instead of `array`

Reviewer 4: Ok this is why I got confused: "you will" is future tense, which implies that you now get an `array`, and will get an `ArrayCollection` on next major, which is the opposite of what will actually happen.
